---
layout: post
title:  "Tea Bag"
---
**Gameplay**

The player inputs delay into the digital timer and presses accept button after which a motorized hoist mechanism descends the girl into a pool of liquid.

The submergence depth can be adjusted by the player in the hoist controller.

Manual mode can be engaged and the instead of setting the timer the girl can be descended to the desired depth manually.

The liquid can be customized (can be unlocked).
Options: water, urines, cum.
Girl can be customized (can be unlocked) - naked, outfit, frills, hairstyle.

> *TODO:* organize these thoughts

Why worthwhile: 
pleasant aesthetic is a given,
attempt increasing reply value somehow.
Consider adding mechanics.

Create a flexible system that can be used in any stage based sex game. 

Make limits based gameplay have float values passed through the blackboard 

**Stages**

 *Idle* 
 
 The girl pants and lightly wiggles around suspended upside down.

>Reaction to the timer
>>First time
>>>None

>>2min
>>>Wheezes and says "Please..." 

>>Shocked
>>>None 

>Submerged
>>Under 30 seconds
>>>Her body just wiggles a little

>>Over 30 sec
>>>Starts cramping and bubbling air into the pool

>>30 minutes after 4 minutes start shitting and pissing into the pool

>Recovered
>>From under 30 seconds 
>>>She lightly coughs some of the fluid

>>From over 30 seconds
>>>Pukes when hoisted up, general tremor. Switches to Recovered state given time (30 seconds)

>>From 30 minutes
>>>Dead, panting gently once. Can't recover.

>>From undefined
>>>Inflated with decomposition gas, surrounded by flies.


| Time Interval | Stage               | Physiological Events                          |
|---------------|---------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
| **0-5 sec**   | Initial Breath Hold | Voluntary breath-holding begins, panic starts |
| **5-21 sec**  | Struggle & Panic    | Violent thrashing, attempts to shout          |
| **21-60 sec** | Laryngospasm        | Airway seals reflexively, oxygen depletion    |
| **1-2 min**   | Unconsciousness     | Loss of consciousness from hypoxia            |
| **2-3 min**   | Convulsions         | Involuntary muscle spasms, water enters lungs |
| **3-5 min**   | Clinical Death      | Cardiac arrest occurs                         |
| **>5 min**    | Irreversible Damage | Brain/organ failure without resuscitation     |